Oh, you think my special training is for free?
How could I be taken away so easily?
Buqi Lejiang Road is right
I forgot.
You're just an ordinary girl
It's okay boss, I don't blame you
I didn't expect it.
Jianglu is also silently guarding the safety of the park
Yes, his style is the best.
Now the thread is broken
I can only try to remind you
Go out less at night
I'm going to the bulletin board ladder to announce
Then let's promote it more.
Hey, don't go out casually at night
Especially alone
You said a few days ago.
The thing about someone going missing?
Yeah, yeah, pretty scary.
Okay, okay, if a big bad guy says no, it's gone.
Yes, yes, yes.
Hey
Who is this? You don't even know him
do not know
Soon you will know me
Oops, if it's still comfortable to take a bath, you know you're lazy.
Will you carry a pig next time?
Who is lazy?
I've been secretly working on my legs recently
Do you think my legs are fit?
Just know to blow
Pull it down